Questions
1. Outline the objectives of the project and define the problem (Steps 1 & 2 of Design Thinking Methodology).
Define problems within current system:

1)	The lack of an information system to manage the CMC in terms of handling call routing and dynamic call flow control for both inbound and outbound calls, assisting RMs in serving their end-customers and matching RMs and end- customer profiles.
2)	The system operation is complicated by the varying number and nature of holiday packages offered by the travel company. 
3)	The call flow rate is sub purr due to the lack of performance based matching of RMs to Customers.
4)	The System does not match RM profiles based on performance in selling thus customers are not served efficiently and effectively. 
-> System does not use Skill matcher between customer and RMs profile. 
5)	The service being provided to end customers is not of quality which resulted in loss of potential buyers for outbound calls. 
6)	The inbound call costs are high due to long call-handling time. 
7)	Customers may experience delays and long wait times to be directed to a RM during busy periods. 

Objectives of the New System: 

1)	To improve the operation of the in-house call management centre (CMC)
2)	Provide improved call routing and dynamic call flow control for both inbound and outbound calls. 
3)	To improve call flow rate, match customers based on RM performance and product knowledge. 
4)	To increase the chance to achieve a sale or provide better service, RM will use matching techniques such as; segmenting customers into social, cultural and behavioural segments. 
5)	The system will adjust according to RMs subsequent performance in selling packages and in serving customers effectively and efficiently.
6)	Outbound calls need to be optimised by providing the RM with an effective guideline and script, crafted to help create the best user experience for the customer. 
->	Create a target list for RM based on skill & profile.
7)	Minimise inbound call costs by reducing per-call handling time
->	Rank customers according to their propensity to purchase using a scale of 1-10 Serve those with highest likelihood of buying first
8)	To reduce customer waiting time during busy periods, an interactive voice response unit is used until the first available RM. 
9)	Calls that are received by RMs are based on skill levels and best match.





2. Identify stakeholders.

- Travel company (entity)
- Travel company clients
- Employees (RMs, HR, IT)
- Customers



3. Describe your approach from a Design Thinking principles perspective.

Our current system cannot match appropriate clients and RMs resulting in an inefficient use of time and sub-par experience
for the customer. We have approached this problem by identifying each relevant aspect in the following ways;

Empathy:
Inbound customer calls are enduring long wait times and being mismatched with inappropriate customer representatives.
Customers receiving cold calls are not being matched with a suitable RM

Define:
Customers are those that call into the travel company or receive out-bound sales calls. RMs are managers that interact with the customers 
either in a sales or support role. We require a system that that grades RMs according to proper metrics and matches them to 
appropriate customers.

The company will also benefit from this as it will not only increase sales but also increase productivity 
in their work via efficient use of time from RMs.

Idea:
A system that matches RMs to suitable customers to minimise inbound call waiting times, 
maximise sales for out-bound calls and gives an overall improved customer experience

We will do this by first grading RMs via use of a questionaire and then subsequently adjusting call-flows to best leverage
the skills and experience of each RM to provide the most efficient experience. Each subsequent call is then scored by call duration and
outcome to inform future matching for call-flows


4.Explain the agile methodology, namely, Scrum you have used to carry out the procedure. In your explanation, ensure that you outline activities from Scrum that you use.

For our travel company we have decided to develop an information system using Scrum mainly as our agile methodology. Scrum is an agile process in which it assumes the development process is complicated and unpredictable. This is advantageous in our scenario as in-house call centres can be uncertain due to customers cancelling their tickets or having a long wait time. Compared to other traditional methods the requirements are not fully understood from the beginning and can become an issue later on when new tools and objectives are introduced. 
Hence scrum provides the visibility needed for Relationship managers to effectively communicate with potential customers. Having the assistance of an information system which matches RMs skills and customer profiles creates an environment where teams are able to act autonomously without the need of a manager and are able to organise their own work. 

Through implementing Scrum, teams are able to address the problem and issue a solution together. Each member of the group is a necessity to the solution as they are expected to carry out the completion of a product. Thus having the ability to quickly adapt to a changing environment according to feedback allows for a high level of cooperation, productivity and communication. Scrum can be broken into three main focus points which include roles, events and artefacts. The three key roles in our case are Product Owner, Scrum master and Development team.

Product Owners are the projects key stakeholders, they are ultimately accountable for project backlogs and verifying increments of work. Having a product owner within scrum allows for faster decision making and clearer responsibilities.  

Scrum masters have no authority over the product owner and development team. Hence the scrum master can be considered as a referee that ensures teams are following the practices and rules within the agile methodology. Scrum masters will also go out of their way to allow the team to perform better.

The development team is a cross functional group that delivers their work in increments called “Sprinits”. They work autonomously without authority besides following scrum rules. Hence they are responsible for their own work and performance. 

During the developing phase 
Scrum Events
Sprints:
Sprint Planning:
Sprint Review:
Sprint retrospective:


Scrum Artefacts such as product backlog is the most important document as it outlines every requirement for the project. Only product owners have access to it and are arranged in terms of business value and requirements.

Sprint Backlog


Increments

